Added initial cloud files (#7338)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/cloud/request-information.md

---
title: Request more information
description: >
  Request more information about InfluxDB 3 Cloud from InfluxData support.
_build:
  list: never
  render: always

> aliases:

Reviewer: State the cleanup contract where the footgun lives. YAML accepts `#` comments, so this renders nothing but warns the next editor of the list.

```suggestion
# When a Cloud page is published at one of these paths, remove its alias below
# and any matching hidden anchors in the body. Tracked in influxdata/docs-v2#7391.
aliases:
```

  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/influxql/time-and-timezone/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/influxql/where/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/internals/data-retention/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/internals/durability/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/line-protocol/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/naming-restrictions/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sample-data/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/functions/aggregate/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/functions/conditional/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/functions/misc/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/functions/selector/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/functions/time-and-date/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/functions/window/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/operators/logical/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/operators/other/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/sql/where/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/reference/syntax/line-protocol/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/write-data/best-practices/optimize-writes/
  - /influxdb3/cloud/write-data/best-practices/schema-design/
---

To request more information about {{% product-name %}},
[contact InfluxData support](https://support.influxdata.com).

> 
> <!--
> Deep links from other pages point to anchors on the not-yet-published Cloud
> reference/API pages. Those paths redirect here; the hidden anchors below let the
> link checker resolve the original `#fragment` against this page. Remove an anchor
> when its target page is published for Cloud.
> -->

Reviewer: Expand the comment to cover the aliases too (not just the anchors), state the removal trigger, and link the tracking issue.

```suggestion
<!--
Links from shared content point to not-yet-published Cloud reference/API pages.
The `aliases` in the frontmatter redirect those paths here, and the hidden
anchors below let the link checker resolve the original `#fragment` against this
page. When a target page is published for Cloud, remove its alias and any
anchors that belonged to it. Tracked in influxdata/docs-v2#7391.
-->
```
